Good morning, Jacob. It's Tuesday, March thirty-first, twenty twenty-six. It's
payday. The carpet installers arrive at nine. Ben is presumably
asleep on your couch. And the President of the United
States just threatened to destroy Iran's desalination plants. Let's get
into it. Weather first. Jefferson City today: eighty-five degrees with
a chance of thunderstorms this afternoon, south winds gusting to
thirty-two miles per hour. Tonight drops to fifty-nine with an
eighty-two percent chance of storms. Wednesday is a washout —
seventy-five degrees and eighty-six percent chance of rain. Good Artemis-watching-from-the-couch
weather. Over in Tacoma, Katelyn gets fifty-six and partly sunny
today. Wednesday is fifty-one and rainy. She's off Thursday, which
is sunny. Your calendar. Today is busy. Carpet install runs
nine A-M to two P-M — Ben can handle the
installers while you're at work. Lunch with Gina at eleven-thirty.
O-A M-L-A grads follow-up meeting at two. Budget and Planning
management meeting at three. Don't forget: Katelyn explicitly requested carpet
photos. Tomorrow, Wednesday, is a triple-header. Apple turns fifty. Karen
announces her retirement at eleven A-M. And Artemis Two launches
at five twenty-four P-M Central — first humans around the
moon since nineteen seventy-two. Then Thursday. Thursday is everything. Anthropic
pilot meeting at nine A-M. B-R training at two. Dinner
with Alex, Chris, and Dustin at six. And the government's
appeal deadline for the Anthropic case — the same day
you pitch Claude to your colleagues. The writers of this
simulation are not being subtle. Text messages. Katelyn was active
from about two-thirty P-M through midnight Monday. She's dog-sitting —
Wolf, Pippa, and the boys — and made them all
sleep in her room, which Wolf was not pleased about.
Pippa, apparently, is the fastest outdoor dog. You two discussed
Australia being terrifying, yoga that neither of you actually does,
and she wants carpet photos tomorrow. Don't forget. Dustin dropped
a bombshell in the group chat. Crossley is moving to
the Netherlands. His family is leaving the U-S, citing politics.
Given the war, the shutdown, and the general state of
things, that's less "fleeing" and more "reading the room." Dustin
also shared the legislative shit weekends schedule — West April
eleventh and twelfth, East April eighteenth and nineteenth. And Chris
had a late-night spiritual experience discovering Tacolate. Quote: "I love
capitalism." Ben arrived last night. The brothers immediately started gaming
Minecraft. He's here for the carpet install, which is a
two-day commitment. Alex went deep on robot vacuums — he
owns an iRobot Roomba i-seven-plus and flagged a new one
with Matter and HomeKit support. Also, Shayla is confirmed moving
this summer. Alex asked you to act like you don't
know. Chris shared Missouri Senate floor color — a senator
named Joe Nicola publicly defied a federal executive order, saying
he "was not elected to be a puppet of the
federal government." Welcome to the resistance, apparently. Now the big
stories. Iran, day thirty-two. This morning's lead from Axios: Trump
threatened to, quote, "completely obliterate" Iran's power plants, oil wells,
and desalination plants. A senior official told Axios the idea
is to use strikes so Iran has no water. International
humanitarian law explicitly prohibits attacks on civilian water infrastructure. Meanwhile,
Iran struck a Kuwaiti desalination plant and an oil tanker
off Kuwait's coast. Gulf nations depend on desalination for fresh
water. This is no longer just a U-S-Iran war —
it's a regional water crisis. Gas crossed four dollars nationally
for the first time since twenty twenty-two. Brent crude hit
about one-fifteen, posting a fifty-five percent monthly gain — the
largest in the contract's history. Europe is panicking. Eurozone inflation
hit two point five percent. The E-U energy chief told
Europeans to "consider traveling less." Chile hiked petrol prices fifty
percent. B-Y-D searches are up fivefold in the U-K. D-H-S
shutdown, day forty-six. T-S-A workers are finally getting paid. Multiple
officers confirmed receiving paychecks Monday — the first since funding
lapsed on Valentine's Day. Five hundred and ten workers have
quit permanently. Congress is on recess. No resolution before mid-April.
Quick status board. Anthropic versus the Pentagon: appeal deadline Thursday.
All four watchlist career roles still posted. SpaceX I-P-O: Bloomberg
says they may file confidential paperwork with the S-E-C this
week. One point seven-five trillion dollar valuation. Nasdaq changed rules
to fast-track their listing. Artemis Two: countdown is live, eighty
percent favorable weather, launch tomorrow five twenty-four P-M Central. City
of Seattle economics and revenue analyst — day fourteen. If
you're going to apply, this week is the week. Tech
and A-I roundup. OpenAI killed Sora. The video platform, the
developer A-P-Is, and all video features in ChatGPT — gone.
Sam Altman announced a pivot to productivity tools and a
ChatGPT super-app. This is Anthropic's enterprise focus forcing OpenAI's hand.
Apple plans to open Siri to rival A-I assistants in
i-O-S twenty-seven. Claude, Gemini, and others will integrate via the
App Store. Apple takes thirty percent of subscription revenue year
one, fifteen after. This is the aggregator playbook — own
the customer, commoditize the complement. Apple is also paying rare
out-of-cycle bonuses of several hundred thousand dollars to iPhone hardware
designers to stop them from leaving for OpenAI. And Rec
Room — once valued at three point five billion dollars
— is shutting down, because it turns out that letting
children in V-R headsets play for free is not, in
fact, a business model. Closing thought. Americans who spend five
or more hours a day on social media are fifteen
percentage points less likely to believe democracy is the best
form of government, which tracks — because if you spent
five hours a day on social media, you probably wouldn't
believe anything is the best form of anything. Crossley is
headed to the Netherlands. Chris discovered Tacolate at midnight. Ben
is on your couch. The carpet goes in today. Tomorrow
Apple turns fifty, humans go to the moon, and Karen
retires. Thursday you pitch Claude while the government decides Claude's
future. Happy payday, Jacob. Take the carpet photos.